Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
irigateYucca1,block,farming,none,Yucca Seed (Dry),,Yucca Samen (trocken),,,
irigateYucca2,block,farming,none,Yucca (Dry),,Yucca (trocken),,,
irigateMushroom,block,farming,none,Mushroom Spores (Dry),,Pilzsporen (trocken),,,
irigateAloe1,block,farming,none,Aloe Vera Seed (Dry),,Aloe Vera Samen (trocken),,,
irigateAloe2,block,farming,none,Aloe Vera (Dry),,Aloe Vera (trocken),,,
irigateCotton1,block,farming,none,Cotton Seed (Dry),,Baumwolle Samen (trocken),,,
irigateCotton2,block,farming,none,Cotton (Dry),,Baumwolle (trocken),,,
irigateCoffee1,block,farming,none,Coffee Seed (Dry),,Kaffee Samen (trocken),,,
irigateCoffee2,block,farming,none,Coffee (Dry),,Kaffee (trocken),,,
irigateGoldenrod1,block,farming,none,Goldenrod Seed (Dry),,Goldrute Samen (trocken),,,
irigateGoldenrod2,block,farming,none,Goldenrod (Dry),,Goldrute (trocken),,,
irigateBlueberry1,block,farming,none,Blueberry Seed (Dry),,Heidelbeeren Samen (trocken),,,
irigateBlueberry2,block,farming,none,Blueberry (Dry),,Heidelbeeren (trocken),,,
irigatePotato1,block,farming,none,Potato Seed (Dry),,Kartoffel Samen (trocken),,,
irigatePotato2,block,farming,none,Potato (Dry),,Kartoffel (trocken),,,
irigateChrysanthemum1,block,farming,none,Chrysanthemum Seed (Dry),,Chrysantheme Samen (trocken),,,
irigateChrysanthemum2,block,farming,none,Chrysanthemum (Dry),,Chrysantheme (trocken),,,
irigateCorn1,block,farming,none,Corn Seed (Dry),,Mais Samen (trocken),,,
irigateCorn2,block,farming,none,Corn (Dry),,Mais (trocken),,,
irigateHop1,block,farming,none,Hop Seed (Dry),,Hopfen Samen (trocken),,,
irigateHop2,block,farming,none,Hop (Dry),,Hopfen (trocken),,,
irigateGraceCorn1,block,farming,none,Super Corn Seed (Dry),,Super-Mais Samen (trocken),,,
irigateGraceCorn2,block,farming,none,Super Corn (Dry),,Super-Mais (trocken),,,
irigatePumpkin1,block,farming,none,Pumpkin Seed (Dry),,Kürbis Samen (trocken),,,
irigatePumpkin2,block,farming,none,Pumpkin (Dry),,Kürbis (trocken),,,
bucketWatering,item,farming,none,Watering Can,,Gießkanne,,,